 1. What is OOPs Stands for?

  OOPs Stands For Object Oriented Programming. And it is a procedural language.
          The Four types of OOps Concepts are:
            *   Polymorphism
            *   Encapsulation
            *   Inheritance
            *   Abstraction 
	    
What is Polymorphism? explain types?

      In java, We can perform a single action in multiple ways is called polymorphism.There are two Types:
            * Method Overloading 
                  -> It has same class name, same method name but different arguments are passed is called Method overloading.
                  -> It is a Compile Time polymorphism.
                  -> And this is Static polymorphism.
                   ex:   System.out.println(x);  =>here we declare multiple datatype for the variable x so it is realtime example for method overloading.

            * Method Overriding
                  -> It has different class name and same method name from the existing class is called as method overriding.
                  -> It is a Run Time Polymorphism.
                  -> And this is Dynamic polymorphism.
                   ex:    SetFileDetector();  =>This is used to set the file path for manually download the driver.

What is  Encapsulation ?
  
      Encapsulation is defined as the wrapping up of data under a single unit. 
      It is the mechanism that binds together code and the data it manipulates.
      Another way to think about encapsulation is, that it is a protective shield that prevents the data from being accessed by the code outside this shield. 

What is inheritance?

ANS   : Inheritance in Java is a concept that acquires the properties from one class to other classes. 
        In Java, a class can inherit attributes and methods from another class.
        The class that inherits the properties is known as the sub-class or the child class.
        
What are the types of inheritance?

ANS   : There are five types of inheritance in java: Single, Multiple, Multilevel, Hybrid and Hierarchical.
       
        Single Inheritance: In single inheritance, subclasses inherit the features of one superclass.
       
        Multiple Inheritance : In Multiple inheritances, one class can have more than one superclass and inherit features from all parent classes.
       
        Multilevel Inheritance: In Multilevel Inheritance, a derived class will be inheriting a base class and as well as the derived class also act as the base class to other class.
       
        Hierarchical Inheritance: In Hierarchical Inheritance, one class serves as a superclass (base class) for more than one subclass.
       
        Hybrid Inheritance : It is a mix of two or more of the above types of inheritance. Since java doesn’t support multiple inheritances with classes, hybrid inheritance is also not possible with classes. In java, we can achieve hybrid inheritance only through Interfaces.
      
What are the advantages in inheritance?

        * Code Reusability
        * Easy to maintanance
        * Effective memory management
        
What is abstarct class and example?

        Abstract class is a restricted class that cannot be create a object. To access the abstract class, it must be inherited from other class.
              Ex.)
                  public abstract class CollegeName{
                    public void name()
                    {
                      System.out.println("PSNAcet");
                    }
                    public abstract void department();
                   }


What is interface and example in selenium,java?
      
        Interface is used to achieve abstraction. In interface we can't create an object and instantiate variable.
        In a interface we can use only public access modifier or default. And it have unimpleted methods only. Interface is a blue print of class.
          Ex.)
              Webdriver is an interface in selenium
              WebDriver driver=new WebDriver();



            
5.Difference between Array and ArrayList ?

ANS   : In Java, array and ArrayList are the well-known data structures. An array is a basic functionality provided by Java, 
   where as ArrayList is a class of Java Collections framework. It belongs to java.util package. 
     Array :
           Arrays are used to store multiple values in a single variable, instead of declaring separate variables for each value.
           To declare an array, define the variable type with square brackets:
        
     ArrayList :
          Arraylist is collection of similar datatypes .
          It is Rapper class.
          It follows index positions to store the value.
          It is a length is dynamic.
          we can change its size.
             
   LinkedList :
          Java LinkedList class uses a doubly linked list to store the elements.
          It provides a linked-list data structure.
          It inherits the AbstractList class and implements List and Deque interfaces.
          
 6. What is string in Java with example?

          In Java, a string is a sequence of characters.
          strings in Java are not primitive types (like int, char, etc). 
          Instead, all strings are objects of a predefined class named String.
          
 7. What is the difference between string and StringBuffer in Java?

    String:
          String is a sequence of characters. 
          In java, objects of String are immutable which means a constant and cannot be changed once created.
          Its a non primitive data type.
          
    StringBuffer:
          A string buffer is like a String, but can be modified. 
          It contains some particular sequence of characters, but the length and content of the sequence can be changed through certain method calls.
  
  StringBuilder :
          Java StringBuilder class is used to create mutable (modifiable) String. 
          The Java StringBuilder class is same as StringBuffer class except that it is non-synchronized.
     
    Manual Testing :
           In manual testing , test cases are executed manually without any support from tools or scripts.
               
    Automaion Testing :   
            Automation testing  is using test cases are executed with the assistance of tools scripts and software.
            
 1.Why is Java a platform independent language?

Java is a platform independent language. Because Java compiler can convert source code into byte code, which is the intermediate language. Byte code can be execute any of the platform.


2.What do you understand by an instance variable and a local variable?

Instance Variable : Instance variable is declared in a class and outside the method, It can invoke to any other method in a class.
Local variable : Local variable is declared within the method, It can access only in the particular given method.
      
     
3.Can we overload main method in Java

We can overload the main method in java but JVM can calls only the original main method. It cannot calls the overloadded main method in java.


4.What are the access modifiers available in java

There are four Access modifiers in java are:
           1.Private
           2.Default
           3.Protected
           4.Public.


5.How will you call a non static method from main method in java

We can call the non-static method from static method by creating a instance of the class belongs to the method.


6.Why String is immutable in java?

Immutable means unmodifiable or unchangeable.One String object is created its data or state can't be change but a new String object is created.

The String is immutable in Java because of the security, synchronization and concurrency, caching, and class loading. The reason of making string finally is to destroy the immutability and to not allow others to extend it.
The String objects are cached in the String pool, and it makes the String immutable.
          
          
7.What is the difference between concat() and concatenation  operator "+" ?

Concat()   : It takes only one argument in a method to concatenation with other string.
+ opreator : It can take more number of arguments to concatenate with other string.           
 
1.Explain about the main method in java?	
	In java main method is used for execution of the program. Without the main method the program will not be execute, it shows an run time error.


2.What are the different  Control flow Statements available in java?
	There are 8 Different control flow statements are:
	*if statement
	*switch statement
	*for loop
	*while loop
	*do while loop
	*foreach loop
	*break statement
	*continue statement


3.What is the Difference betweeen break and continue statements?
   
   Break Statement:
         Break statement is used to exits the whole loop.
         Stop the current iteration and come out of the loop.
		
   Continue Statement:
         Stop the current iteration and continue with the next iteration.
         Continue statement is used to exits the current iteration of the loop.


4.Differance between implicitwait and explicitwait?
     
       Implicitwait:
                 it directs the selenium webdriver to wait for a certain measure of time before throwing an exception a once this is set , webdriver will not for the element before the exception occurs.
       explicitwait :
                 it is used to tell the webdriver to wait for certain condition or maximum time exceeded before throwing "ElementNotVisibleException" exception.It is an intelligent kind of wait,but it can be applied only for specified element.
		 

5.When will you get ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException?
	When try to access greater or lesser than the length of the index it shows ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException.
	

6.Define the Syntax to create an object for a class.
	 ClassName objectName=new ConstructorName();
	
	i.) What are the naming conventions to be followed while creating a class, 
		First letter begin with Upper-case only and no empty spaces in a class name.

	ii.) method and a variable.Explain with examoles
		 Method represents the action and verification of a program.
		ex.)	public void add(){
			int a=5,b=10;
			System.out.println(a+b);
		
		Variable represents the information or data of the defined data type.
		ex.)  int a=5;
	

7.What is Variable?How will you declare a variables in java?
	Variable is a container to store a value of the defined data type.
  syntax:
	int a;
	int b=5;


8.What is String in java? Is it a Data Type?
	String is a sequence of character.And String is a non-premitive datatype.


9.What are the different ways to create the String Object in java?
	Two ways to create a String object in java,
	*By String Literal => String text="bobby";
	*By new keyword  => String text=new String("bobby");


10.What is the Difference between .Equals and ==? 
	equals() :
	It compares the two given strings and check if any character is not matched it returns false.
   == :
	It compares the index values in the string and arrays. 
